npx convex dev -> run backend -> run this command eveytime we make some changes to the backend schema or apis
convex -> backend and data
unlike in previous projects where we needed prisma whenever we changed the schema here convex will take care of it and is fast
npx prisma studio -> we can see our tables and just like that we can see them here as well
when api routes are created login and success and failure are all taken care of and this all things are real time

time to you clerk-> authentication and user management
choose email address in clerk to get invoice when deploying applications, this also comes from clerk
in clerk we can add jwt templates and can also modify them based on what we want in the jwt token. Also in order for that we need to create a JWT templates in the templates.

check the clerk and convex docs in order to set things up
rn we need to create a auth.config.js file inside the convex folder and the code is present in the convex docs. we need to make changes to the domain and also check for any changes that are needed to be made for the applicationID. The issuer is provided in the clerk dashboard itself.
in order to verify if the configurations for convex and clerk are correct run "npx convex dev" it should spit out "Convex functions are ready"

I need to make a provider for ClerkProvider, and wrap the root layout within it so that our app is protected. So once we wrap the app we will see a custom signin/signup page

Now need to add Loading screen and signout
public folder is where we keep out static assets

in the provider Authenticated is used to render when we have authenticated into the app, and AuthLoading is when we have authenticated and waiting for the web page to load

we can make changes to the singin pages using the clerk dashboard
well we can also style the clerk items, with the appearance props. Check out the org-Sidebar.tsx component Organization Switcher.
we can also get search params from useSearchParams hook in next/navigation, we are gettng this because we want to dynamically render the component based on the search params.

we can also send out invitations to other people to join organizations. If we get any erros in this which means that we have not allowed clerk to use emails, so check that out on the clerk dashboard

** LEARN MORE ABOUT CLERK AND CONVEX

